Ray, I got great news.
I could use some.
I just got an e-mail saying
all my Groupons are set
to expire this weekend.
Okay... forget all that.
I got two tickets to a charity
dinner with the president.
Of the United States.
Of America--
why are you not reacting?
I'm sorry, man... you know,
I want to go, but me and
the president, we got history.
History?!
Back when I worked in Chicago,
Barry and I played
in a pickup game once.
Words were exchanged,
elbows were flying,
punches were thrown...
bottom line is
I beat up a president.
Word must've got around
because Iraq
put me on their $300 bill.
Great. Now I got to pick
somebody from my family.
No matter who I choose,
the other three
are gonna be mad at me.
You don't know that.
Do some sniffing around first.
All right?
One of 'em might hate politics.
I mean, maybe the other ones
had plans.
I know I do.
I got 72 hours to squeeze
in mountain bike riding,
skydiving, rock climbing
and a bunch of other stuff
that guys like to do in erectile
dysfunction commercials.
I hope you're right-- if I can't
eliminate some of these people,
it's gonna get ugly.
Mm.
You know my family.
Well...
There's one piece of
pizza left and we'd...
get into a big fight
and throw that piece of pizza
on the ground and stomp on it
so nobody can have it.
(chuckles)
Can't throw the president
on the ground and stomp on him.
I did.
Oh, Mom, don't worry about it.
We'll clean up.
Oh...!
Well, not Adam-- his chronic
fingertip pain is back.
Oh, please.
Chronic fingertip pain?
It's okay, baby. We don't have
to change people's minds.
NATHAN:
So...
TGIF, huh?
I mean, not now-- it's gonna be
Friday in three days
but still-- anybody got
any fun unbreakable plans?
No.
Nothing.
You know what, I was looking
for something to do
on Friday-- if you find
anything, let me know.
Okay... um...
anybody else
just bored, frustrated
and/or fed up
with-with politics?
I mean, man,
no, thank you.
I'm fed up with politics.
If I wanted to hear a bunch
of rich old men yelling
at each other, I'd drive
through another golf course.
Well, I got to say,
it's kind of refreshing to hear
from somebody who doesn't want
to waste their time
on all this politics nonsense.
Well, it is
a waste of time.
It's not like
an Average Joe like me
could change anything,
unless you could somehow get
in the same room
with the president.
Now, that would be cool.
Nathan, what is going on?
You are so nervous
and distracted.
You're like one
of those pill-popping teens
in the "Just Say No"
commercials.
Nathan?
Did you say yes?
Okay, fine.
My-my boss gave me...
two tickets to this President
Obama dinner on Friday night.
You're having dinner with Obama?
What's he making?
No, Dad, he's not making
dinner-- he's speaking.
And I... I got a plus one, so...
I got to pick one of you,
but I know that...
whoever I pick, the rest of you
are gonna get mad at me.
Nathan, stop. That's ridiculous.
Nobody's gonna be upset
about who you choose.
I mean, what kind of jerk
would fault a son
for taking his mother?
TOM:
Hold on a second.
What makes you so sure
he's gonna pick you over me?
Okay, f-for the record,
I haven't picked anyone
to go with me yet.
Oh, that's right.
Uh, he hasn't picked anyone.
DEBBIE:
Look, if it makes it
any easier, Adam and I are
out because of the pact.
The pact?
Yeah... well, when
we were dating,
we both made a vow that if one
of us couldn't do something,
then the other
wouldn't either.
No resentment.
That's why I've never been
down the giant slide
at the water park.
Adam's afraid of heights.
Well, first of all,
I am not afraid of heights.
I have vertigo,
which is exacerbated
by wind and water...
...and, secondly,
this is the president.
Are you breaking the pact?
I'm just saying that surely
some pact that I made
while being airlifted off
the top of a dumb waterslide
could be reconsidered.
Okay, so there's no pact.
So every time we go
to the water park,
I've been floating around a lazy
river dodging empty juice boxes
and old Band-Aids for nothing?
Wait, I-I'm sorry-- Adam, why
did you have to be airlifted?
Why didn't you just climb back
down the stairs?
I have
a rare condition
called panic paralysis.
When I get nervous,
I can't move.
Let's just say
I may have invented planking
when I lost my virginity.
Okay.
Go ahead. Break the pact.
But you just decided to
go up against the girl
whose high school nickname
was Debbie Don't Lose.
And you know why?
Because Debbie...
don't...
lose.
I'm in this game.
Look...
I need to speak
to the president.
Our states are
legalizing marijuana
and our schools are
outlawing cursive.
Somebody needs to get a
message to our young people:
more working, less twerking.
The president doesn't want
to hear your whining.
I'd talk to him about normal
stuff, like when he goes down
to the kitchen for
a midnight snack,
does the Secret
Service go with him?
And does he have to
put pants on?
Dad, you're-you're
not speaking...
I need the president's ear
for one minute
to talk
about a tax credit
for vegans.
(all talking at once)
Nobody is speaking
to the president!
It is a charity dinner--
that's it!
We're all gonna get dressed up
just to sit in our car
for two hours 'cause traffic's
gonna be mayhem.
Then we're gonna have to just be
in the back of a huge ballroom,
you know, in a seat that's
not even facing the stage.
The best view
we'll have of the president
is the reflection on our spoon.
We're gonna be
surrounded by a bunch
of rich, snobby people
who are gonna be complaining
that the wine stinks.
And it will because it's nothing
but a glorified airplane meal.
I have half a mind just
to rip this thing up myself.
Who even wants to go
to one of these?
NATHAN:
Here's the deal:
I've decided I don't
want to be the bad guy
with this whole
presidential dinner,
so I am leaving the decision
entirely up to you.
Yeah. Power to the people.
The petty, backstabbing people.
What if we have a big huge fight
about it?
Not my problem...
What if we can't choose someone?
Not my problem.
When do you need
to have an answer?
Not my... Oh, no. That one is
on me-- um, I'd say by tomorrow
afternoon at the latest.
So, good luck hashing it out.
Call me if it gets physical.
I'd give anything to see
somebody take a swing at Mom.
Well, you heard him.
We need to figure out a way
to decide.
So I guess first person
to touch the treadmill wins.
I touched it. I win.
Whoo!
What should I wear?
Sorry, dear, but that is not
how we're gonna decide this.
Whatever we do, it has
to be completely fair.
I propose that we each make
a case for why we should go
and then we'll vote and the
person with the most votes wins.
Oh, that'd be
a great idea
if this were the
United Nerds of America.
Why don't we all just look
between our legs
and whoever can say Nathan came
from there wins.
I might have a shot
in that competition.
Maybe I should
just take you.
You're probably the only one
who can be an adult about this.
Ooh, President Obama?
No, thanks.
I'm a Republican.
We're drawing names.
Great. I don't need
to know how you got there.
Just tell me when it's over.
Same thing I say to my waxer.
Nathan, will you do
the honors?
No, I will not.
Come on. Just pick
a piece of paper.
No, I don't want to be
the target of your anger.
Have Mikayla do it.
No way!
I've got a birthday coming up,
and my biggest donors are
in that bowl.
You're just gonna
have to find somebody
among yourselves
who you trust.
NATHAN:
Ray, I'm sorry
they pulled you out
of that Groupon karate class.
I know you were
looking forward to...
catching a fly with chopsticks.
I actually misread the schedule.
It was tai chi.
(exhales)
Which will come in handy
if I'm ever attacked by a snail.
Okay, Ray, pick a name.
One last time,
I'm begging you to reconsider.
Okay, shut up, Adam; we've made
our decision, just deal with it.
And the winner is...
Anarchy, that's what's
winning out here.
Anarchy, stupidity and...
Adam.
...awesomeness!
(chuckles)
Winner, winner,
presidential dinner.
Okay, you know what,
maybe Adam was right;
maybe we should've voted.
I-I agree. Perhaps we were
too quick to shoot down
your wonderfully
democratic idea.
Wait, wait, wait.
No, we already...
Yeah, we should do it
Adam's way.
No, no, no.
I'm going to the dinner.
Nathan, tell them I won.
This can't come as a shock
to you.
You know how this family changes
the rules to suit their needs.
Pretty sure
we invented "Connect Five."
Mom, let's go. We got to decide
who's gonna see the president
before they have
another election.
Good luck
on your presentation, Tom.
I don't need luck.
I'm one of those guys
who good stuff happens to
purely by chance.
Uh, sorry I'm late.
I tried to land
on your doorstep,
but it's windy out there and my
shoe got caught in the oak tree.
Not a bad adventure
for 22 bucks.
You guys jeopardized
Ray's safety
by dragging him into this?
We needed him. In case of a tie,
Ray is our deciding vote.
Sorry, man.
It's okay, man.
It's interesting to see
how white families do crazy.
Okay, we each have up
to a minute to make our case.
Mom, why don't you go first.
Okay. Ray, dim the lights.
Mikayla,
put the spot on me.
("America the Beautiful"
playing)
November 5, 1955.
A cold mist fell.
In the distance,
a bald eagle shrieked.
(cawing)
My little brother ran in,
sweat taking over his face,
as he gave me the news.
(high-pitched):
"Sis, President Eisenhower!
He's driving through town!"
I couldn't believe it.
Our small town?
We ran through the streets
as fast as we could
to get there.
Ike's coming!
15 seconds!
What?!
13.
Okay, I'll-I'll skip the part
where I get chased by a dog.
Woof, woof.
When we got there,
the cars were
driving so fast
that we could barely hear
a distant horn.
Toot, toot.
Time.
(sighs)
I didn't get to meet him.
50 years of regret.
Please vote for me and...
God bless America!
Her time was up.
Disregard that last sentence.
The confetti did not happen.
Dad, it's your turn.
Ray, lights.
A reason you should vote for me
is that I'll ask the questions
we all want the answers to.
"How many carry-ons
are you allowed
to bring on Air Force One?"
"What country
is your second favorite?"
"Do you still get mail
for George Bush?"
"How much is the electricity
bill at the White House?"
"Is it included in the rent?"
And, then, uh, I repeat that
for all the other utilities.
Debbie, you're up.
(clears her throat)
Ladies and gentlemen,
I would like to present to you
a combination
of home video
and security footage
from July 13, 2003.
(helicopter whirring on video)
Just promise
we won't do anything
the other person can't
or doesn't want to do.
No resentment. Promise.
I promise!
Okay, it's a pact.
(helicopter whirring)
Don't forget my shoes
in the cubby!
(Debbie stops video,
clears her throat)
And I didn't...
forget his shoes from the cubby.
I rest my case.
Well, Adam, I guess you're up.
Okay. I refuse
to do this exercise in futility
because I know
that even if I win,
you'll just go back
on your words
and change
the rules again.
And since I know
that none of you are gonna vote
for me, anyways,
I'd like to use my time to argue
why you three should not go.
Liar! Liar!
Pants on fire.
You may use
the remainder of my time
to reflect on how
you've betrayed not only me,
but the entire notion
of democracy. Thank you.
Okay, we're good. Let's vote.
I'll tally the votes.
Adam.
The majority vote, the person
going to see the president
with me is...
Adam.
Yes!
We all voted for Adam?
No. I-I only voted for him,
because I thought everybody
would vote for one of you two.
Well, that's what
we all thought.
I kind of liked
his presentation.
Okay, fine, we'll revote.
This time,
nobody vote for Adam.
RAY:
Okay. If I may...
(wind gusting)
I think...
Uh-oh. I got to go! Oh...!
NATHAN: Okay, no,
there's no revote.
The booths are closed.
You had your chance
and you blew it;
now I'm stuck with Adam.
You don't want me there.
No, because I don't want
to spend the entire night
listening to you complain
about your sprained eyelids,
or your belly button fatigue,
or ghost tongue syndrome.
Yeah, GTS.
All right, you know what?
Forget it.
I don't even want
to go, all right?
I'm not about to force
someone to have dinner with me.
I had enough of that growing up
with an anorexic cat.
You see, this is why I couldn't
trust you guys to handle this.
Us? You're the one who should
have made the decision.
Yeah, instead of making
us do your dirty work.
Fine. You want me to choose?
I'll choose. I'm taking Dad.
Really?
Thank you, son.
Wait. Dad?
You picked Dad?
NATHAN: Yeah, of course
I'm taking him.
Look at him. The man checks
the mailbox five times a day.
He's got nobody to talk to.
Telemarketers have him
on a do-not-call list.
I mean,
poor guy.
I mean, he needs something
to spice up his miserable life.
Miserable?!
Screw you!
And for your information,
I'm the happiest I've ever been.
Every day I wake up
to the sweet sound
of not your mother.
Keep your plus one.
I don't need your pity.
Fine. You know what?
I thought that Debbie
deserved to go, anyway.
Deb, what do you think?
You in?
(sighs)
Thank you, Nathan.
You know, I was hoping all
along that you would ask me...
so I could say no.
NATHAN:
Wait. Now you're
not going?
I was never going.
See, I made a pact
with my husband,
and I plan on keeping it.
Really? You would turn down
the president for me?
Of course I would.
I love you.
Almost as much as
I'm gonna love
holding this over your head
for the next 30 years.
My other high school nickname--
Debbie Don't Drop It.
So...
Last?
Mom, don't give me...
You picked me last.
Well, look, just...
Last?
Mom, do you want
the ticket or not?
(yelling):
Last?!
Fine. I'll just go by myself.
All I wanted to do was
make everybody happy,
but that is impossible,
'cause you people
can't be happy
until somebody is miserable.
Well, now I'm miserable.
And that makes you happy.
And-and then that
makes me happy.
But my happiness makes
you miserable again.
And the cycle
repeats itself.
And that's how white
families do crazy.
Nathan Miller.
Okay. Here you are,
but we can't let you enter
until all members
of your party are present.
Oh, it's-it's just me.
But we have you down
for a plus one.
Yeah, but the thing is,
everybody refused to go with me
'cause they thought I was crazy.
Why did they think
you were crazy, sir?
Oh, just 'cause my plan.
You had a plan... sir?
Oh, I had a great plan.
I was gonna have my family
do the dirty work for me,
and they all insisted
that I pull the trigger.
Sir, do you want to
come with me, please?
What's that? No.
There's been some kind
of misunderstanding here.
Sir.
I can't believe how much the
government knows about people.
I mean, I get
that you might know
about what schools I went to,
but the fact that you know
that my first kiss was with
Julie Porter-- that's amazing.
Your first kiss was with your
sister's Raggedy Ann doll.
Julie was your
first human kiss.
Are there cameras in...?
Everywhere.
Even in the...?
I'm sorry. I'm a little
turned around down here.
Which was is it
back to the dinner?
Just head straight
down the corridor,
take a left past
the bathroom.
You'll find a
service elevator.
Take that to the
mezzanine. Yup.
Roger that.
POTUS is on the move.
I'll secure
the building.
Okay, and can I just
use that bath...?
Forget it.
I'll figure it out.
For the record,
I rocked Julie Porter's world,
and she's got Raggedy Ann
to thank for that.
(knocking)
AGENT: Sir, I'm gonna
need to ask you
to finish what you're
doing in there and exit.
It's a matter of
national importance.
I just got in here.
You again?!
I thought I told you to
go up to the ballroom.
Sorry. I've been drinking water
all day.
I don't want my face to be puffy
in case I took a picture
with the president.
PRESIDENT OBAMA:
Problem in here, Mike?
AGENT: No, sir. Just
trying to remove
an individual from
the stall, sir.
Well, don't rush the man.
Take your time, sir.
I can wait.
Thank you, sir.
So, how are you doing tonight?
Me? Uh... uh, you know.
The same old, same old.
Just making small talk with
the leader of the free world.
Guess you're gonna
have an exciting story
to tell your date.
Oh, uh, it's just me.
I-I couldn't get anybody
to come with me tonight.
Really? Well, I'll have to look
at my poll numbers again.
Oh, no, no, no.
It was my family.
I was just try... I was trying
to make everybody happy,
and I ended up
pissing everybody off.
Welcome to
my world.
Are you about done?
He's being nice,
but you're pushing it.
PRESIDENT OBAMA:
Don't peek at the man, Mike.
We're getting flack
for spying too
much as it is.
That's funny.
You know,
if there's one thing
I've learned since
taking office,
it's that you can't
make everybody happy.
From healthcare to which
hip-hop artist you befriend.
Oh. Yeah, you're right, sir.
It's impossible
to make everybody happy.
And you know what?
I'm done trying.
Hold on.
Just because you can't
make someone happy
doesn't mean you
shouldn't try.
Trying to achieve the
impossible-- that's America.
It's why we're great.
Oh, that's good.
Mike, write that down.
I'm gonna
say that tonight.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Any time.
So, uh, are we close,
or do I need to draw up
an exit strategy for you?
Oh. Uh, no, no, no.
Yeah, I'm good.
Actually, sir,
do you mind doing me
one more favor?
What is this?
Toilet paper?
Mom, when you're in a
bathroom, you make do.
Just read it.
I think you'll like it.
"Dear Carol,
as you can see,
I'm also a fan
of cursive."
"Love, Barack Obama."
(giggles)
"Debbie, your brother told me
"how you honored your pact
with your husband.
I wish the North Koreans
had your integrity."
"Adam, we all
have fears.
Get your butt down
a water slide."
"Tom, the electric bill
for the White House is about..."
(sneezes)
Oh, damn it.
"Barack Obama."
Captioning sponsored by
CBS